
Riddle: I can be long or can be short, I can be black, white, brown, or purple. You can find me the world over and I am often the main feature. What am I?
Answer: Rice

What can go through glass without breaking it?
Answer: Light.

 It’s shorter than the rest, but when you’re satisfied, you bring it up. What is it?
Answer: Your thumb

 I speak without a mouth and hear without ears. I’m invisible, but you can call for me. What am I?
Answer: An echo.

Riddle: What has ten letters and starts with gas?
Answer: An automobile

What connects two people, but touches only one?
Answer: A wedding ring

Who can finish a book without finishing a sentence?
Answer: A prisoner.

How many letters are in the 'alphabet'?
Answer:  11

If you throw me out the window, you’ll leave a grieving wife, but drop me in the middle of a door, and you might just save a life. What am I?
Answer: The letter N.

 I am an odd number. Take away one letter, and I become even. What number am I?

Answer: Seven.

I can be cracked, made, told and played

Answer Joke

I wiggle and cannot see; sometimes underground and sometimes on a tree. I really don't want to be on a hook and i become a person when combined with book 

Answer Worm

It can be clear like water but burns like fire

Answer Alcohol

I am everywhere but i cannot be seen, captured or held only heard

Answer voice

I do not have eyes but I once could see. I used to have thoughts but now I'm empty. What am I?

Answer: skull

I'm an old relative who's hand's can't hold anything and eyes can't see anything. What am I?

Answer: grandfather clock

You see me a lot, especially at night. I protect something special. Many shut me in fright. What am I?

Answer Eyelids

Commits friendly home invasions one night a year

Answer: Santa Claus

My first half means container. Not a lot of people understand my language. What am I?

Answer: Binary

I am whole but incomplete. I have no eyes, yet I see. You can see, and see right through me. My largest part is one fourth of what I once was.

Answer: Skeleton

What turns everything around but doesn't move

Answer mirror

What breaks on the water but never on the land?

Answer: wave 